black ops moments number two I hope you
guys enjoyed the series if you do please
take two seconds leave a like it helps
tremendously and enjoy oh my god
oh my god chop l chopping it'll get the
boom get the boom get the bum buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh super bad ah get the
grid get it yes oh my god let's go baby
I made it GG zombies get shit out
what's a vu deck I think of budak means
asshole and Russian okay what excuse me
did the wall get the final kill
oh my god kill them by alig on bisque
you Kim ever tap my place baby
same looking good fella's the same
looking good
some one-time that under oh they got it
they gotta win it
I gotta win I got away and the money and
the money baby we're coming back we got
it back we got me back in this bitch oh
no that was mine that was my kill Oh
humiliating myself what an idiot I'm so
stupid oh shit oh my god oh my god oh my
god no that guy got in my way no he cuts
up my RPG okay what to do what to do
what to do no less man oh my god where's
my gold medal at putting this bad boy
back on after that performance thirty
four and one it is money right in your
liver bitch Oh a death hump a death
ejaculation
very serious business here what
that's why I have this around my neck
there's double points not extremely
large thing in my hand
Marcel I've been following you since I
had a hundred thousand subscribers you
are in my inspiration and I have the
inspirational final plays of the
Sharpshooter on Nuketown
to win the 2013 money Oh final killcam
final killcam final killcam final
killcam let me get it I got it let's go
baby Big Daddy number one final killcam
let's go I said I was gonna give it and
I did it maybe not then but my promises
came to fruition like straight Oh Oh get
destroyed fuck bitch fuck outta here
tryin to run up on me just got
embarrassed oh yes yes baby
look at that thank you for watching be
sure to click like if you haven't
already and if you want to see episode
number one of blackops moments you can
click the video portion playing on the
screen it's going to direct you over
there thank you for watching and I hope
you have a good day click the video are
you still here there's another video you
should watch us Matt one that's this
one's over